Big data is a field that treats ways to analyze, systematically extract information from, or otherwise deal with data
 sets that are too large or complex to be dealt with by traditional data-processing application software.
  Data with many fields (columns) offer greater statistical power, while data with higher complexity 
  (more attributes or columns) may lead to a higher false discovery rate. Big data analysis challenges 
  include capturing data, data storage, data analysis, search, sharing, transfer, visualization, querying, 
  pdating, information privacy, and data source. Big data was originally associated with three key concepts: volume,
   variety, and velocity. The analysis of big data presents challenges in sampling, and thus previously allowing for only observations 
   and sampling. Therefore, big data often includes data with sizes that exceed the capacity of traditional software to process within 
   an acceptable time and value. Current usage of the term big data tends to refer to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior 
   analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from big data, and seldom to a particular size of 
   data set. "There is little doubt that the quantities of data now available are indeed large, but that's not the most relevant
    characteristic of this new data ecosystem." Analysis of data sets can find new correlations to "spot business trends, prevent
     diseases, combat crime and so on". Scientists, business executives, medical practitioners, advertising and governments alike 
     regularly meet difficulties with large data-sets in areas including Internet searches, fintech, healthcare analytics, geographic
      information systems, urban informatics, and business informatics. Scientists encounter limitations in e-Science work, including
       meteorology, genomics, connectomics, complex physics simulations, biology, and environmental research. The size and number of
        available data sets has grown rapidly as data is collected by devices such as mobile devices, cheap and numerous information-sensing
         Internet of thing